In Javascript it seems like strings are becoming more and more like arrays for example.
If I do like a SDR it will just do abc like so I can actually access this by using bracket notation
like so.
So you know like I said they're becoming more and more like strings and I could also create a loop if
I wanted to do for less.
Equals zero while it is less than as less than as to your length increment the council.
As to your index now the way that this bracket notation works is that access is units so every single
different letter every single different character right here maps to a particular code.
I can illustrate this to you by doing something like counseled out log.
As to your Shaar code x and then one like so and you're going to see the char code of let's see be right
here is actually 98.
So this works really really well unless you're working with double byte characters.
Now double byte character would be something like this particular symbol right here.
This is considered a double byte character.
Now the problem with double byte characters is that they are represented with two separate code units
instead of one bracket notation works by accessing the code unit.
And so whenever I try to loop through this you're going to see I get two question marks right here because
it's treating each code unit that makes up this character individually and individually the two separate
code units don't map to any particular character but together they map to this.
So either way it's kind of a problem especially I guess if you're working in like Japanese or Chinese
but actually believe it or not most of the Chinese are.
Scuse me Japanese kanji characters are supported.
For example I can type Japanese on my computer here and I'll do like I don't know which is like the
word for school in Japanese and then I get to go back to English.
There we go.
If I throw this in here you'll see that it actually maps through it really well as you can see but there
are certain symbols like this that are considered to byte characters so this bracket's notation doesn't
work because they have two separate Codi units.
So what we can do is luckily in ESX with string iterators you can just loop through this very easily.
So what we can do now is for let char of s tr and just cancel out log the individual characters like
so and you can see it loops through it like a champ with no problem.
And it even prints out this particular character right here.
So string iterators are a great answer to this problem.